Mr. Lin, Mr. Sheng, have you found out? It was Xu Yun who did it. It's him.
Since he hurriedly stole all the investment plans and planning plans of the mk group.
Give it to the Xu family. Yes.
And as soon as the market opens. The shares of Shengshi Group and mk all fell.
It seems that the Xu family took action.
so. Go check the previous monitoring.
Let’s see if we can find any evidence of Xu Yun’s prop mk business manager.
I've checked this. There was a period of time when my monitoring was deleted by others.
I have this. The company had something like this happen two years ago.
I asked someone to set some up.
Store important information
local videos
It will always automatically copy a copy to me.
I thought I wouldn't use it
I didn't expect it to be really useful.
Please check it out
This can be closed, so the stock will be fine, right?
It's a super classic